EU orgs are trash and a number one is
that better is that what you were
looking for no no no I'm just just just
letting it be go back to the political I
understand well there 101 for weekend
for I'm joined right now by min T with
coverage presented by Omni slash to talk
a little bit about how things are going
on TSM so first off for a North American
fans this is a huge matchup obviously
the huge rivalry between CLG and TSM did
you feel any additional pressure because
obviously you're kind of new to all this
either didn't really feel like a rivalry
pressure but I just I was a little bit
afraid or I had a lot of respect I still
have respect for sticks and by for us
because they're very aggressive and good
in lane so yeah I just had to keep my
cool
that's so I had to like be a bit more
focused than I usually a.m. yeah
actually on the out stream yesterday
they were talking about how they feel
like you guys on TSM in the bot lane as
well as c9 spot lane are some of the top
two right now but it's interesting to
hear that you say you have a lot of
respect for the CLG bot lane as well
yeah I think they play very well around
their early game with their jungler and
mid and they usually pick strong lanes
so they are very abusive so you have to
not make a mistake or you just get
rolled over and that's what my plan was
while we're on the topic of your bot
lane as you came over here every said
best in the west best of the west and I
think even I spend my dad joked about it
in the interview I did with you guys so
do you feel like you guys have cemented
that your position is best in the West
obviously looking good in Europe do you
feel like you've done that in North
America over the last four weeks
honestly I really don't care especially
during the split
usually I I'm surprised I haven't
entered more than I have so I I don't
really mind I think as long as we come
in strong for playoffs I usually just
try to help the team as much as I can
and not really focus on myself until two
weeks before playoffs where I just focus
on myself individually so I'm ready and
yeah I mean we will see how it goes
right now I think we're good
I think botlane is very hard to make a
difference right now in terms of pure
laning and yeah pretty much pretty much
that I think what made us strong in the
past is not that we just destroyed
everyone in lane I think we barely have
any to d2 kills it's not just for the
enemy team just being too bad but it's
mostly about us just consistently
playing well and being reliable I think
that's what what a nice all about right
now I mean it's always been like that so
yeah yeah that's what a team liquids ad
carry on the alt stream was saying
yesterday was that you guys are you
don't make very many mistakes he said it
was hard for him to gauge the difference
between cloud nines which one he would
say is better between cloud 9s bot lane
for stores because he said well they
might be a little bit flashy or do more
impressive things at times you guys just
like don't make mistakes is that a
significant goal that you guys try to go
for us it's just sort of the way it's
gone I mean I think the whole goal for
League of Legends right now is to make
the least mistakes and be smarter than
your opponents so that's what we strive
to do we don't really rely like
specifically on our mechanical ability
but if someone
contests it then we'll fight back you
know so yeah I guess that's how it is
for us I guess I'm trying to be funny
sometimes
something doesn't work out I mean yeah
and then I one of the things that has
been talked about a lot to split
especially because we saw several
players leave TSM is sort of the culture
of the team and of TSM I was talking to
a friend before the interview and she
was mentioning to me you know it's
probably a good question to ask you the
difference between g2 and sort of the
culture that existed there as a team and
now TSM now that you've joined I don't
think there's any difference in terms of
culture everyone try out for their lives
and try to be the best they can possibly
be at all times so that hasn't changed
in either team I feel like a big
difference between not really a big
difference but a difference I can notice
which could have changed in g2 because G
2 is a new or great so after two years
it must it might have changed I don't
know how g2 is right now but I feel like
if things are not going right in TSM
TSM is instantly there like Reggie is
always here parties looking over us and
then on top of that we have the coaching
staff so they kind of give each other
feedback and make sure that if we're
fucking up it's because we're bad you
know it's not because they're doing
anything wrong and there we're not
provided with anything we need to
succeed so they're like very on top I
think g2 was doing that but they were
not as on top as TSM is so something
doesn't work in one week then next week
this has to get fixed you know so it's
just yeah more is that more pressure
having everybody to sort of be like hey
we didn't fix this right now I think
it's more of our relief because you
don't really have to like you can it's I
mean I'm not used to it at all because
I'm like I've been playing for a while
and I've been into a lot of not very
nice situations in the past so I've been
the one that just go gets on top of
things and tries to fix them but I just
need to trust my Slyke trust everyone
else to fix things around me which is
surprisingly weird for me because I've
it's never happened to me before so yeah
that's that's super nice so I know
you've only experienced one team so far
in North America and I just kind of
think about this based off of what you
just said everyone knows I make jokes
about your setting inside those jokes
one thing I have heard is that people
out frequently say that they feel as
though the North America organizations
as a whole or a little bit more buttoned
up and professional and that they have
it a little bit together or a little bit
more together do you think that's fair
based off your experiences over here as
an assessment or is that too broad of a
generalization that's how you you sounds
very politically correct there because
the problem is is that this is a hot
topic right I'm talking about
EU verson a so but I have heard that the
org so over here seem to have it
together even if you guys get the
results more often in Europe so yeah
yeah I mean if I'm gonna be politically
correct - then yeah I can see a
difference see a difference there we go
EU orgs are trash in a number 1 is that
better is that what you were looking for
no no no I'm just just just letting it
be go back to the political I understand
ok well that's fair I mean I think like
I bring it up not to trash on to you but
more because I think it's helpful to
sort of identify where the strengths and
weaknesses are it seems like you guys
have a stronger player base but if our
orgs are consistently able to sort of
treat situations more professionally
that might be something for you to learn
from yeah definitely I mean thing it has
to do a lot with money too
most of the orgs try to compete with na
so all their players don't leave and
they just spend the money on their
players and then they don't spend the
money on the infrastructure and that
kind of hurts in the end you know but I
guess you just have to do that or
everyone will just piss out so it's it's
a bit tough for Europe I think that
there's a certain
orcs that do do a good job and get
better on a yearly basis but certain
orgs do the same they just like start
like from a very very far back so yeah
they're pretty shit at this yeah so yeah
that's yeah fair enough finally I just
kind of want to chat about where you see
TSM placing at the end of all this stuff
because at the end of spring split let's
put it that way even before we get into
the playoffs
how confident are you guys that you guys
will be able to land in a good position
because it does feel a little shaky at
times yeah I mean I'm not really sure
think we're playing a lot better even
though this week we lost I feel like
we're just doing better on a weekly
basis boy I mean I don't know where
we're gonna we're gonna stand in the end
and how things are gonna go but like
like I said with TSM you know everyone
is doing a lot of work on their side and
I feel like on my side I just have to
put in like putting the work in the
trust too and see where things take us
but if it sucks it sucks and if it's
good it's good you know I can't really
change the future or I just have to
accept it whatever it happens yeah we're
good is there anything that you would
like to say to any of the fans uh-huh I
should probably memorize something
because everyone asked me this question
introduced I just keep saying like
thanks thank you guys you know ask you
this in Europe yeah this just that's
what I'm saying like it's just memorize
something like hey thank you whoa you
know
like thanks to all the fans really
appreciate the support the people
standing by us I have to make it special
you know I have to make it special okay
well I just I just want to say it's
pretty cool to hear all the TSM chants
the hearing them were often especially
when we played against CLG today was a
lot of like CLG CLG TSM TSM and seeing
everyone running around with TSM jerseys
just makes me feel special yeah how did
you feel when you were on g2 and you
heard these TSM chants and you're seeing
all the TSM jerseys you know it's
freaking sucked I I the worst part is I
could hear more TSM chance than g2
chance on the finals of like at least
two or three finals I played I could
hear more TSM chance than g2 chance so
it's just I don't know I mean I just
love how Matthias and now because I
hated TSM before I remember when Peter
joined that was this thing like he'd
been on CLG and was like trained to hate
it but they're like apparently once you
get all the team you're just like yes
give me the TSM chance unbelievable
anyway thank you so much for you for
catching up Congrats on the win for
everyone else you can check out the rest
my coverage of all things eSports right
here on my youtube channel
why haven't you subscribed yet you
should definitely see that Omni slash
and I are bringing you these interviews
you haven't done it it's just so
disappointing
please please subscribe